                                                                               Central Limit Theorem
                                                                               
                                             Consider a uniform distribution going from 0 to 1
                                             Check Figure 7.1 Uniform Distribution
                                             
                                             Now collect the means of various samples taken in this distrubution and make
                                             a histogram of these means.
                                             Check Figure 7.2 Collecting sample means
                                             
                                             We find these means to be normally distributed.
                                              Check Figure 7.3 Normally Distributed means
                                              
                                              Now try with an exponential distribution, we get the same result for the means.
                                              Check Figure 7.4 exponential distribution
                                              
                                              So it doesn't matter which distribution we use, the sample means is always a normal distribution.
                                              
                                              This is the central limit theorem.
                                              
                                              Standard Error
                                              The standard error is the standard deviation of the means collected from taking multiple samples in a distribution.
                                              
                                              We can calculate the standard deviation of various points in the graph and make a standard error chart.
                                              
                                              Bootstrapping
                                              In bootstrapping take 'n' random data points, take 1, note down the value and repeat for n.
                                              
                                              Note: while bootstrapping it's just 'n' random measurments, it's okay to reapeat.
                                              
                                              Now calculate mean/ median/ mode for these random measurments and calculate the standard error.
                                              
                                              References : Statquest
                                             
