                                                                          Covariance
                                                                          
                           Covariance is used to classify three types of relationships between 2 axes.
                           
                           1. A positive relationship 
                                Check figure 6.2
                                
                           2. A negative relationship
                                Check figure 6.3
                                
                           3. No relationship
                                Check figure 6.4
                                
                           For example:
                           mrna transcripts in 2 genes X and Y
                           
                           Check Figure 6.1
                           
                           Calculating covariance
                           
                           Check Figure 6.2
                           
                           If covariance is positive, that means it gives a positive slope between the relationships.
                           
                           Note: Covariance value never gives us how steep the curve is, it just tells us whether a slope is positive or negative.
                           
                                                                     
                                                                           Correlation
                                                                           
                           Correlation is used to determine the relationship between 2 variables (example, genes X and Y)
                           It is essentially used to quantify the strength of the relationship between 2 variables.
                           Correlation: [-1,1]
                           
                           Check Figure : 6.6
                           
                           Note: when a straight line goes through the center of every data point, correlation is 1(positive slope)
                                 here, the slope of the line doesn't matter.
                           
                           Note : When talking about correlation, we only talk about straight lines and not squiggly lines.
                           
                           While taking correlation, it is better to have a low p-value, more data, lower the p-value.
                           
                                                                 R-Squared
                                                                 
                          A easier way to interpret correlation. 
                          
                          Assume we have different mouse weights:
                          
                          Check Figure 6.8
                          
                          Now we can take the mean of all points and calculate how far each point is from the mean. The distance is squared
                          because the points below the mean(negative) shouldn't cancel out the points above the mean.
                          
                          R-squared varies from 0-1
                          
                          High R-Squared means there is less variation around the line
                          
                          Up next : Central Limit Theorem
                          
                          References : 
                          1. Statquest : https://youtu.be/2AQKmw14mHM
