                                                                       Questions to ask as a data scientist
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                       1. Ask questions to avoid rock problem.
                                                                       
                                                                       2. Can you tell me more about how this problem is affecting business?
                                                                       
                                                                       3. Ideal Outcome for project
                                                                       
                                                                       4. S.M.A.R.T. is a mnemonic acronym, giving criteria to guide in the setting of objectives, 
                                                                       for example in project management, 
                                                                       employee-performance management and personal development. 
                                                                       The letters S and M generally mean specific and measurable. 
                                                                       Possibly the most common version has the remaining 
                                                                       letters referring to achievable (or attainable), relevant, and time-bound.
                                                                       
                                                                       Stake Holders:
                                                                       
                                                                       1. Identify the stakeholders
                                                                       Stakeholders are anyone affected by the data analysis project.
                                                                       
                                                                       2. Identify independent variables to test
                                                                       
                                                                       3. Determine whether stakeholders agree about business problems 
                                                                          being solved.
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                     
