                                    Correlation
                                    
                           2 ways to measure correlation:
                           1. Cross table
                           2. Scatter Plot
                           
                           Check Figures 31.1, 31.2, 31.3
                           
                           Regression
                           
                           Regression tells us about the linear correlation between 2 variables.
                           
                           Residuals are the distance between the point and the regression line.
                           
                           Take the sum of residuals and square them and find the sum. The one with the minimum sum of squares should be taken as the regression line.
                           
                           
                           This is clled ordinary least squared regression.
                           
                           Equation for regresson
                           
                           y = a + bx
                           a => the coeff touching y-axis of the regression line
                           b => slope of the line
                           
                           r^2 tells us how well a line predicts the value of a certain dependent variable.
                           
                           r^2 = 0.7 means the regression error is 70% smaller using the regression line than the mean.
                           
                                                   Caveats
                                                   
                               Even if there is a high correlation between 2 variables, we can never predict a causal relationship
                               between the two.
                               
                               For example, people who eat more chocolate tend to have a higher body weight, however, it could be the case where
                               people with higher body weight are generally more hungry and therefore eat more chocolate.
                               Causality could run in both ways as well.
                               There could be other variables like genetics as well.
                               
