                                                                           Quantiles and Percentiles
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                 Quantile is a point that splits data into groups.
                                                                 The median is a quantile that splits the data
                                                                 into 'upper half' and 'lower half'.
                                                                 This quantile is labelled 50% or 0.5.
                                                                 The 0.25 quantile has 25% data less than it.
                                                                 The 0.75 quantile has 75% data less than it.
                                                                 
                                                                 Percentiles are quantiles that divide the data into
                                                                 100 equally sized groups.
                                                                 
                                                                 Q-Q Plots
                                                        We have a set of data points and want to determine
                                                        whether this data is normally distributed.
                                                        Step 1:
                                                        Give each point its own quantile.
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        Step 2:
                                                        Give a normal curve for this data.
                                                        Any normal curve would do.
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        Step 3:
                                                        Draw all quantiles to the curve, similar to the data.
                                                        Check Figure 9.2 Quantiled to curve
                                                        
                                                        Step 4:
                                                        Plot Q-Q graph.
                                                        
                                                        Draw a line to the Q-Q plot and check how good the fit is.
                                                        If the fit isn't great, try a uniform distribution as
                                                        opposed to a normal distribution.
                                                        
                                                        Q-Q Plots determine which distribution matches our data best.
                                                        
                                                        Quantile Normalization
                                                        
                                                        Keep the data normalized and make a separate plot for this data,
                                                        take the mean of every sample and keep a standardized plot for
                                                        all the means and keep this as a new plot of standardized values.
                                                        
                                                        Check Figure 9.4 Quantile Normalized
                                                        
                                                        Up next : Probability vs Likelihood part 1
                                                        
                                                        References:
                                                         Stat quest : https://youtu.be/ecjN6Xpv6SE
